From: KyArchives [Archives@genrecords.org]
Sent: Thursday, July 21, 2005 4:38 PM
To: Ky-Footsteps
Subject: Tackett.John.-Conley.David.1828.Floyd-Johnson-Magoffin.DEED


John  Tackett - David Conley July 29, 1828 Floyd-Johnson-Magoffin County KyArchives Deed

Written: July 29, 1828
Recorded: April 26, 1830

Floyd Co., KY Deed Records; Vol. C; Pg. 191
Floyd County Courthouse, Louisa, Kentucky

Indenture of David Conley to John Tackett

	This Indenture, made and entered into this 29th day of July One 
Thousand Eight Hundred and Twenty Eight, David Conley of the one part and John 
Tackett of the other part both of Floyd County Kentucky.
	Witnesseth: That the said David Conley for the consideration of Five 
Hundred Dollars by John Tackett to him in hand paid hath this day granted, 
bargained, sold and by by these presents do grant, bargain sell and convey unto 
the said John Tackett one certain tract of land lying on the Oil Spring Fork of 
Big Paint:
	Beginning on a beech and white oak the upper corner of John Tacketts 
survey ont e Oil Spring Fork of Paint Lick Creek;  thence N. 84 E. 25 poles to 
stake S. 125 to a stake S. 6 E. 15 poles to a stake S. 6 W. 60 poles to a stake 
W. 25 to a maple and black gum a corner of an old survey made in the name of 
Henry Conley then running down with the lines of the same N. 6 E. 60 poles to a 
black oak and beech N. 6 W. 20 poles to a popular;  thence crossing the Oil 
Spring Fork W. 40 poles to two beeches and ash;  thence running up with the 
lines of said survey;  thence running with the lines of the patton made to said 
David Conley to the beginning for which I the said David Conley, do warrant and 
defend unto the said John Tackett the foresaid tract of land from me my heirs 
and all persons claiming in any way under me the survey containg One Hundred 
Acres more or less.
	Given under my hand this day and date above written.
					David Conley {Seal}


Floyd County Court Clerk's Office, 26th day of April, 1830
	I, Jacob Mayo, Clerk of the Court for the County aforesaid, do hereby 
certify that the within deed was this day produced to me and acknowledged 
before me by David Conley subscribing party thereto, to be his hand and seal 
act and deed for the purposes therein mentioned and that the same is duly 
recorded in my office according to law.
				Att.  Jacob Mayo  C.F.C.C.

(Transcribed by Linda Tackett Blanken, Oct. 2002--Tackett/Blanton Family 
Historian)


Submitted by: Linda Tackett-Blanken
loub@bright.net



This file has been created by a form at http://www.genrecords.org/kyfiles/
